what's going on ever on this patchy and
I'm just a quick set up video for the
custom class on black ops I got this
game a day early just because of fast
post I guess it's completely legal that
I've got this game yes so let's get into
this I've been playing this game today
so I kind of have a little bit of
knowledge about what guns are good if
you want a good head start when you get
the game tomorrow and more whenever
you're listening to this now and so yeah
you only have five custom classes only
you can unlock more with procedures and
you have three perks as always you have
a frag grenade class especially netting
and an equipment class so I've been
using the same equipment and perks for
most of my classes just the guns that
being very and then maybe one or two
parts
so the first class that I've been using
is the m16 with red dot I've slowed this
gameplay well not gameplay I've slowed
the video down if you want to buy that
notification came up very slow so I've
been using the m16 with red thought and
the Python as the pistol which is just
like the Magnum and modern warfare 2 and
the Python is only half-decent pistol so
far and to my knowledge on this game as
that I've unlocked so the m16 is just a
standard gun everyone knows that it's
kind of powerful it's not as powerful in
this game but it's just something you
can use pretty easily the next class I'm
moving on to is the mp5 with extended
mags I'd recommend using steady aim with
this you can see that I'm just using the
same perks and only swap in the second
perk around occasionally on these custom
glasses and I'd used the steady aim just
because this gun is pretty good for
spraying it's actually better a screen
that is looking down sights so that's
something for you to remember the third
class is the Galway I can't really read
that to the screens all blurry and this
kind of like a all-rounder is good at
all ranges it's pretty accurate it's not
very accurate at well not very accurate
close range and hit firing it's kind of
a cross between an assault rifle and a
like machine gun except it doesn't
really have
the capacity of a white machine light
machine gun sorry
and so yeah I recommend using that if
you want to take oh people from a safe
position in high schools the fourth
class is definitely my favorite I've
been using the ak-74 soon as I lost
level 17 I've been using it with
extended mags and it kind of varies from
being like a really easy to use gun to a
really frustrating gun and in the last
matchup late just the year before it
came offline I picked up gun well I
picked up this con with grip and it was
an absolute beast it was really accurate
kill the enemies a lot faster so I think
this is definitely gonna be one of the
guns it's gonna sort of you're gonna be
seeing a lot of on black ops it's gonna
be like the MP for 8 or the UMP maybe I
don't know yet and but it's definitely
gotten I recommend using and yeah I've
been doing really good with it so that's
definitely gonna use if you're
struggling to get any good Katie's or
stand it and really it's really accurate
so you probably don't need steady aim
but you can use it if you want I prefer
you slightly fine just cuz it doesn't
have a big animal capacity v custom
class is my sniper one I use steady aim
marathan scavenger yeah I've been using
the tomahawk not get any kills with that
I just wanted to use it to get like a
nice kill with it but I've not got one
and you've got any so far and the wa2000
is kind of crappy gun it's just as long
as I've been seen as more than one four
to one but it's still alright I'm gonna
change it to the L is it the early 96
sniper but I don't think I'll be using a
lot of snipers in this game to be honest
just cause of the quick scope and being
nerfed so there's not really much point
or enjoyment using them the last English
we hear is the kill streak sale I've
been using the spy plane just to help
I'm a team and just because easy easier
when you know where the enemies are
I've been used an attack helicopter
attack helicopter and the chopper gunner
I wouldn't really recommend that
actually I need to change this around I
probably use a napalm strike
I think that's what's called an attack
helicopter just because it's more useful
and you're more likely to get that then
the chopper gunner and you have to wait
for the chopper done for the attack
helicopter it's cool
to use the chopper gunner so you can use
that if you want I've not really seen
anyone use the dogs yet but I'm sure
that'll be a good thing to use and yeah
that's what I'm sorry if this sort of
voiceover is not being very good it's
been awhile since I've done one of these
and yeah subscribe if you want to see
more black op stuff I'm going to come up
with like a day - tomorrow I've got a
couple of Clips built up over the past
day so I've got some pretty good stuff
coming out in the next couple of days so
yeah remember to check that out and I'll
see y'all there